Adding docs for disabling presigned URLs in server 4.3+ (#8680)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/server/v4.3/installation/phase-1-prerequisites.adoc

  ]
}
----
+

> NOTE: If you wish to store artifacts which are larger than 5GB, you will need to enable non-presigned URLs. To do this you will need your IRSA role to assume itself. Replace your trust policy above with the contents below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: If you wish to store artifacts which are larger than 5GB, you will need to disable presigned URLs. To do this you will need your IRSA role to assume itself. Replace your trust policy above with the contents below.
```
`non-presigned URLs` doesn't really correctly describe how the non-presigned mode works.

> NOTE: If you wish to store artifacts which are larger than 5GB, you will need to enable non-presigned URLs. To do this you will need your IRSA role to assume itself. Replace your trust policy above with the contents below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: If you wish to store artifacts which are larger than 5GB, you will need to enable non-presigned URLs. To do this you will need your IRSA role to be able to assume itself. Replace your trust policy above with the contents below.
```

+
[source, json]
----
{
  "Version": "2012-10-17",
  "Statement": [
    {
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Principal": {
        "Federated": "<OIDC_PROVIDER_ARN>"
      },
      "Action": [
        "sts:AssumeRoleWithWebIdentity",
        "sts:AssumeRole"
      ],
      "Condition": {
        "StringEquals": {
          "<OIDC_PROVIDER_URL>:sub": "system:serviceaccount:<K8S_NAMESPACE>:object-storage"
        }
      }
    }
  ]

> }

Reviewer: I don't think this is the correct Trust Policy for non-presigned Role. It looks like it just adds the `sts:AssumeRole` `Action` to the existing statement but it should be in an additional statement:
```json
{
  "Effect": "Allow",
  "Principal": {
    "AWS": "<ROLE_ARN>"
  },
  "Action": "sts:AssumeRole"
}
```
So the whole thing would be:
```json
{
  "Version": "2012-10-17",
  "Statement": [
    {
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Principal": {
        "Federated": "<OIDC_PROVIDER_ARN>"
      },
      "Action": "sts:AssumeRoleWithWebIdentity",
      "Condition": {
        "StringEquals": {
          "<OIDC_PROVIDER_URL>:sub": "system:serviceaccount:<K8S_NAMESPACE>:object-storage"
        }
      }
    },
    {
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Principal": {
        "AWS": "<ROLE_ARN>"
      },
      "Action": "sts:AssumeRole"
    }
  ]
}
```
